Update aida-overview.md (#6501)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/harness-aida/aida-overview.md

## Enable AIDA

> To enable module-specific AIDA features in your Harness account, go to **Account Settings**, select **Account Resources** (if in Nav 1.0, Nav 2.0 **Account Resources** is deprecated), select **Default Settings**, select the **Harness AIDA** tile, and then enable the **Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA)** setting. Select **Allow Overrides** if you want to be able to enable/disable AIDA for individual projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable module-specific AIDA features in your Harness account, do the following:

#### Navigation 1.0

1. Go to **Account Settings**.
2. Select **Account Resources**, then select **Default Settings**.
3. Select the **Harness AI Development Assistant** tile.
4. Enable the **Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA)** setting.
5. Optional: Select **Allow Overrides** if you want to be able to enable/disable AIDA for individual projects.

#### Navigation 2.0

1. Go to **Account Settings**.
2. Under **General**, select **Default Settings**. 
3. Select the **Harness AI Development Assistant** tile.
4. Enable the **Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA)** setting.
5. Optional: Select **Allow Overrides** if you want to be able to enable/disable AIDA for individual projects.

For more information about navigation 2.0, go to [Harness navigation 2.0](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/get-started/harness-ui-overview/#harness-navigation-version-20).
```
